hey everybody I've been wanting me a new
digital camera lately I've been using
this little flip cam here for years and
years I think I actually want it from a
contest off of old mag bad boo-boo do
probably three four years ago and I'm
still using it anyway I ran across this
little cannon yesterday or day before
yesterday one it's a cannon but power
shot that's six 160 is now this is not
going to review on this camera because
I'm just not going to learn everything
they can do because I don't need to do
everything that it can do this is gonna
be a test of the camera now I dunno it's
where says Ray's got 16 mega Fitz
megapixels
it's got a 16 x optical zoom on it so
that's what the back looks like I've
been playing around with a lot so she's
her fingerprints all over it now there's
luck like I said there's plenty of
review videos on YouTube about this
camera it's a it's got the pop-up flash
sure you tip button it'll flash pops it
up the top you don't need it I know the
I so's it goes from 200 up to 1600 it
you know you can change the lighting on
and all I kind of like I see it I'm not
getting into it because I'm I'll
probably never use that stuff I've been
taking a few pictures with it last
couple days and now I add those to the
end of the video I'm gonna take it
outside in a few minutes cuz I'm not but
I've not even done any kind of video
with it yet we're gonna play with the
zoom and all that kind of stuff so let
me switch this camera out further and
put it in the places flip and see if it
still yelling difference in the video so
hang on one second okay so now we're
we're videoing with the Canon and I can
tell already just got a wider it's got a
water view on it cuz I can seize more
stuff in the background over here
you know what I could see while ago not
misleading tracer that the secret except
better lighting whatever because the
flip cams always doing really really
well inside of course you don't have a
zoom hardly the speaker there's a no
flip
there's the box that comes in you know
like I see it there's other videos that
can tell you all about this stuff on the
back of it and all the things the things
the camera can do the speedloader
they're seen here what picks up the
light anyway we'll take it outside play
with a zoom on it see how the we how
much the winner fix it no Lex that's all
right
all righty so we're outside the
direction of my shooting box let's go
ahead and zoom in what's left of it look
at that yep now that's sixteen now it
goes from that I went up there's twenty
one twenty six I think it gets a little
bit more grainy err I'm not sure it's
like I said I'm not trying to get 32 42
if you all right 64 times so whatever
that zoom is called it goes up to 64
times but just your regular zoom is 16
we'll go back to that there's 16 right
there pick it off the earth I have to go
not too bad all right like I said I'm
only half or a couple of days don't know
a whole lot about it I'd like it said it
records in 720p that's all right
HD how definition I suppose swinging
around I think that little tree right
there's about 80 yards away
let's give up in his business I've been
his business it's not close we can get
up in there pretty close I guess that's
all we play 64 there's actually I did
see somewhere reverse does have a wind
something that you can block up the wind
but I don't actually don't have it turn
it on I don't know where it's at yet
anyway
like I think like I see I took a few
pictures and I'll post those pictures at
the end of this video so so far so good
for an inexpensive camera it was $79 it
at Walmart someone somebody's looking
for the inexpensive digital camera that
can do a lot more than it needs to for
me you might want to look into this one
I guess anyway that's it
can you see me can you see me ain't a
Purdy